hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is the review of the Alienware
15 r3 so it's been redesigned for 2016
it's got GTX 10 series cards in it and
it's got a completely new design
aesthetic it has the hinge forward
design again like the 13 inch but this
model the 15 inch was actually easier
for me to get used to the 13 inch has
the same hinge but because of the
proportions it just looks nicer on the
15 inch to me it's built well aluminum
paneling on the top and bottom the base
in particular feels really solid and
when you're handling a big laptop like
this it's nice when there's no chassis
flex it's thinner than before by around
25% but it's pretty significant but it's
still heavy a big part of that weight
comes from the 99 watt hour battery now
this is an optional battery it's
actually the legal limit for how big of
a battery you can stick into a laptop
but I'm getting around 6 hours of
battery life with it which is pretty
good on a gaming laptop to open it up
pretty simple 7 screws and once inside
you can upgrade your to ram sticks and
your drives there's room for four drives
in total a two and a half inch SATA and
then there's three m2 drives a lot of
laptops have light up logos and
keyboards but these side lights these
are fresh I love them they're kind of
retro like neon tube lights but at the
same time they're kind of futuristic
like Tron fully customizable and I think
they're really awesome on top of these
light strips are some ports there are
audio jacks three used to be threes but
one of them is a type C port and then on
the back we have Ethernet display
outputs a Thunderbolt 3 port and the
graphics amplifier port so it can
connect to all of the external GPUs out
there there's no SD card slot which I
thought was a little weird but it is a
gaming laptop and they filled all the
extra space with battery cells so I'm ok
with it
this unit is running the 4k eggs Oh IPS
option reasonably bright srgb game it is
good but the color accuracy is okay even
after calibration it's not perfect still
it's an excellent screen for gaming and
media consumption the webcam looks ok
and it has infrared capabilities for
Windows hello login
the keyboard has customizable zone
lighting but it has one quirk the page
up and page down keys are near the
directional keys so you might miss click
them at first and same with the macro
keys you might be hitting one instead of
Tildy or escape but it's a really good
keyboard all-around plush key travel at
two point two millimeters and it's
really nice to type one the trackpad is
almost identical to last year's and
that's a good thing it has that
customizable light-up surface accurate
tracking and the physical buttons have a
nice mechanism now last year if you had
the 4k display panel the graphics chips
on these laptops weren't powerful enough
to really support 4k gaming this year if
you get the gtx 1070 you can get some
nice visuals at 4k if you want but I
think 1440p is the sweet spot Far Cry
primal averaged around 60 frames per
second at 1440p on ultra graphic
settings doom hovered around 100 frames
per second maybe a little less on ultra
graphics at 1440p at 4k it drops to
around 50 frames per second so still
very playable witcher 3 was averaging
around 55 frames per second on Ultra at
1440p and this is with hair works off
only something lighter like overwatch
can break 60 frames per second at 4k on
Ultra but on a 15-inch screen I don't
really notice the extra resolution when
I'm playing I got to stop and stare at
the pixels and if VR is your thing even
the base model with the GTX 1060 is
fully VR ready the speakers are very
good it's a 15-inch laptop so the
speakers are a good size and have decent
space for a laptop they distort a little
bit at max volume but overall they sound
great the thermals are good even let's
pack in a really powerful video card in
there on benchmarks surface temperatures
are still comfortable to use and there's
no throttling fan noise has improved a
lot from the previous generation they
still turn on frequently but they're
much quieter even on
so the redesigned Alienware 15 starts at
1350 for the base model with a gtx 1060
we're getting great build quality in a
thin but heavier package the 4k exile
panel is fast and great for gaming but
lacks perfect color accuracy the
keyboard and trackpad are quite similar
to the previous generation both are
comfortable to use on the inside the gtx
1070 and the skylake 6700 HQ push out
killer gaming performance and have
better thermal management than last year
the two RAM slots and the four drive
bays are easily accessed and upgraded
and the huge 99 watt hour battery gets
around 6 hours of battery life overall I
really liked the revamp the GTX 10
series cards are really great performers
the design aesthetic I like this one a
lot more than the olden especially the
side lights and the thermal management
is much improved from the previous
generation it's not an ideal device for
a content creator I know I was
interested in this for content creation
but the 4k screen doesn't have perfect
color accuracy and it doesn't have an SD
card slot but if you're a gamer and
you're looking for strong gaming
performance in a really nice-looking
package check this one out hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs have you liked
it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time